deciso/OPNWAF: Include new features into OPNWAF documentation (#600)
opnsense/docs: source/vendor/deciso/opnwaf.rst

TLS Security profile             TLS security profile as documented by
                                 `Mozilla <https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS>`__
Disable Security Rules by ID     Select one or multiple Web Protection rules to disable via their IDs. This can help to
                                 selectively disable rules that cause false positives, without disabling the
                                 Web Protection completely. (available as of 24.4.3)
Web Protection                   When Web Protection is enabled for the host you may disable it for specific
                                 destinations here, or set it to detection only for logging purposes.
================================ ========================================================================================

The section above defines the port the virtual server will listen on. Remember, in order to use ACME (Let's encrypt) this should either
be 443 or the traffic should be forwarded from port 443 to the port defined here.

.. Note::

    Port numbers don't have to be unique when more virtual servers are defined as the hostname correctly identifies the

>     location. Yet, there can't be duplicate hostnames, these have to be unique.

Reviewer: 1. do not use contractions in technical documentation: can't -> cannot, etc.
2. try to make it snappy: Hostnames, however, have to be unique.

When supplying a certificate manually via the system trust store you can assign it in this dialog as well.

Configure locations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The virtual server itself doesn't provide much content to the user other than offering a page telling access is prohibited,
so the next step is to map directories to external locations. These can be defined in the "Locations" Grid underneath
the Virtual servers.

There are two different modes for locations:

#. | ProxyPass, which Reverse Proxies the HTTP traffic

> #. | Redirect, which creates a HTTP redirect (available as of 24.10)

Reviewer: Avoid version numbers. This information goes stale so fast and adds no value.

Common hostname/path combinations are:

================================ ========================================================================================
VirtualDirectory                 Internal and external URL of Exchange Server
================================ ========================================================================================
OwaVirtualDirectory              ``mail.example.com/owa``
EcpVirtualDirectory              ``mail.example.com/ecp``
WebServicesVirtualDirectory      ``mail.example.com/EWS/Exchange.asmx``
ActiveSyncVirtualDirectory       ``mail.example.com/Microsoft-Server-ActiveSync``
OabVirtualDirectory              ``mail.example.com/OAB``
MapiVirtualDirectory             ``mail.example.com/mapi``
OutlookAnywhere                  ``mail.example.com/rpc`` - `ExternalClientAuthenticationMethod` set to `Negotiate`
ClientAccessService              ``autodiscover.example.com/Autodiscover/Autodiscover.xml``
================================ ========================================================================================

> When using a self-signed certificate, it must be imported into :menuselection:`System->Trust->Authorities`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using a self-signed certificate, the authority for the certificate must be imported into :menuselection:`System->Trust->Authorities`.
```

    :width: 50%

> When deploying web protection for virtual servers, it is a good idea to start with the `Detection Only` setting that can be set per virtual server.

Reviewer: avoid fillers like "it is a good idea". The sentence works fine without it and it's faster reading :)

```suggestion
When deploying web protection for virtual servers, start with the `Detection Only` setting that can be set per virtual server.
```

This way, you can evaluate the `Web Security` log file, and look for rules that match.

This will reveal if the web application might be outdated and needs patching, because several web protection rules match
and would block connections.

If they are false positives, the rule IDs can be set as excemptions with the option `Disable Security Rules by ID`. Search the rules
in the dropdown, and select multiple ones you want to exclude.

After this configuration, set the Web Protection to `On (default)` to enable it. The web application should now be configured for production.
If there are still errors, repeat the above steps.

.. Attention::

>     Do not exclude too many rules. These matches could be a potential misconfiguration of the web application behind the WAF. Only exclude rules

Reviewer: Ah, contraction free sentence :)
